# Data Collection and Pre-processing
This folder contains code for collecting the datasets and pre-processing them.

## Data collection



## Graph constuction and random walk with restarts
* `generate_graph_pheme.py` generates the graph input needed from PHEME dataset for `random_walk_with_restart.py` with multi-processing.
* `compute_statistics.py` computes the statistics of the graph generated by `generate_graph_fakenewsnet.py` and `generate_graph_pheme.py`.
* `random_walk_with_restart.py` performs _random walk with restarts_ (RWR) for PolitiFact, GossipCop and PHEME with multi-processing.

## Text encoding
* `text_embedder.py` defines a Transformer-based text embedder for all text embedding.
* `embed_text_pheme.py` embeds the text for all types of nodes in PHEME datasets with `text_embedder.py` with multi-processing.

## Other features

* `get_pheme_news_features.py` extracts the numeric and catagorical features of all news in PHEME dataset.
* `get_pheme_user_features.py` extracts the numeric and catagorical features of all user in PHEME dataset.
* `get_pheme_news_labels.py` extracts the news labels of all news in PHEME dataset.

## Create input dataset
* `news_nodes_pheme.py` contains the function to combine all news features (e.g., the embedding for news content and news image, news label) and to create the news nodes input for PHEME dataset. 
* `post_nodes_pheme.py` contains the function to combine all post features (e.g., the embedding for post content, neighbor lists) and to create the news nodes input for PHEME dataset. 
* `user_nodes_pheme.py` contains the function to combine all user features (e.g., the embedding for user description, user characteristics) and to create the news nodes input for PHEME dataset. 
* `pheme_dataset.py` contains the main function to call all the nodes-creating functions mentioned above.
